Uplift "Palo Alto Networks Cortex XDR” Pack to Golden Standard (#37598)
demisto/content: Packs/CortexXDR/README.md

> Gain efficient threat detection, analysis, and response with the Cortex XDR content pack, seamlessly integrated into your security workflow.

Reviewer: Cortex XDR-

### What does this pack do?

The Cortex XDR content pack enhances your security operations by integrating advanced threat detection, investigation, and response capabilities directly into your workflow. Designed for security analysts and incident responders, this pack streamlines the management of security incidents through automation and comprehensive data analysis.

- **Automated Incident Synchronization**: Keeps incidents consistently updated between Cortex XDR and Cortex XSOAR, maintaining data integrity and reducing manual effort.
- **Comprehensive Alert Management**: Automates alert handling, including enrichment, severity assessment, and remediation, for a streamlined incident response process.
- **Advanced Threat Hunting**: Leverages the XQL Query Engine for in-depth data analysis, enabling proactive threat hunting and investigation.

> - **Ready-to-Use Playbooks**: A range of pre-built playbooks optimized for common security workflows, allowing teams to quickly deploy effective responses with minimal configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Ready-to-Use Playbooks**: A range of out-of-the-box playbooks optimized for common security workflows, allowing teams to quickly deploy effective responses with minimal configuration.
```
